Adding Additional Resources to DevTools Pages (#8178)
flutter/website: src/development/tools/devtools/logging.md

[Logging]: {{site.url}}/testing/code-debugging#logging
[Debugging Flutter apps programmatically]: {{site.url}}/testing/code-debugging

## Other resources

> Check out this step-by-step guided [Logging View Tutorial][logging-tutorial] 
> to learn about the various methods of logging available in 
> Flutter and how you can effectively use the Logging View to 
> analyze the logs and debug Flutter apps faster.
> 
> [logging-tutorial]: https://medium.com/@fluttergems/mastering-dart-flutter-devtools-logging-view-part-5-of-8-b634f3a3af26

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about different methods of logging
and how to effectively use DevTools to
analyze and debug Flutter apps faster,
check out a guided [Logging View tutorial][logging-tutorial].

[logging-tutorial]: {{site.medium}}/@fluttergems/mastering-dart-flutter-devtools-logging-view-part-5-of-8-b634f3a3af26
```
